Codebyte examples for Map in Javascript (#2532)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/map/terms/size/size.md

console.log(fruits.size); // Output: 2
```

## Codebyte Example

> The following example maps names to the age of the corresponding person. The value of the `size` property changes after deleting a key-value pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the `size` property to confirm the number of elements in a map after deleting a key-value pair.
```

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```codebyte/js
```
